DC-483 node version + DC-485 Cool tips (#161)
madewithkoji/docs: src/asciidoc/docs/develop/editor.adoc

> = The Koji Code Editor

Author: Fixed.

:page-slug: editor
:page-description: Guide for the Koji Code Editor, a browser-based IDE for developing and testing a first-generation Koji.
:includespath: ../_includes

> The Koji Code Editor is a browser-based integrated development environment (IDE) that you can use to develop and test a first-generation Koji.

Author: Fixed.

The Code Editor provides easy access to the following:

> [.singlespaced]

Author: I'll chat with you before removing this. It looks really odd when very short bullets are so far apart from each other (which is the default style).

> [.singlespaced]

Author: With singlespaced style:
![PR161-with-singlespaced-style](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82409235/117521709-0f1bc280-af64-11eb-99a8-65ca3997ba08.png)

Without singlespaced style:
![PR161-without-singlespaced-style](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82409235/117521734-25c21980-af64-11eb-88ad-fa652e2c3a16.png)

> [.singlespaced]

Reviewer: These bullets are too close together. If we want to adjust the bullet spacing, let's do it everywhere. Otherwise, let's not have multiple styles for the same element that are randomly applied. Please remove this style and all instances of it.

> [.singlespaced]

Author: Removed.

> * All of your project's code

Author: Fixed.

> * Visual Customization Controls (VCCs) generated from the project's code

Author: Removed the VCC line.

> * Visual Customization Controls (VCCs) generated from the project's code

Author: Removed.

> * Production tools and assets, such as the Koji database

Author: Replaced.

* Tools to publish and deploy your Koji

> == Overview

Author: Retitled.

> To create a new Koji, you must set up a project and open it in the Koji Code Editor.

Author: Getting to the code editor is different, depending whether you just created a new project or if you're opening an existing one.
* If you're creating a new project, you never go to the Developer Portal page. You're taken straight to the Project Details page.
* There's no (visible) way to create a new project if you're in the Developer Portal page. (This is one of the feature requests I was going to send Sean. I should ping him today.)

So I need the two separate processes for now.

> To create a new Koji, you must set up a project and open it in the Koji Code Editor.

Reviewer: The way you describe the content in this comment is clear. Let's get some of that flavor into the page, as well. Right now, it's still confusing and inaccurate as written. As you said, this page is about the code editor. It is not about creating a project per se.
Something along the lines of, "Opening the code editor is different, depending on whether you're creating an new project or opening an existing one. If you're creating an new project..."

[.singlespaced]
. Create a project.
+

> include::{includespath}/steps-codeeditor.adoc[tag=createproject-details-collapsible]

Author: Only the steps are not are directly related to the topic are collapsible. In this case, the step of creating a project does not involve the code editor.

Also the "Create a project" step is an include that we'll very likely use in a lot of places. It can be irritating to sift through the same expanded step over and over as readers read multiple topics that include that step.

> include::{includespath}/steps-codeeditor.adoc[tag=createproject-details-collapsible]

Author: If a Koji project is forkable, doesn't it appear in the For Developers list too? If not, where can they find a list of the forkable projects?

. {blank}
+
include::{includespath}/steps-codeeditor.adoc[tag=open-in-code-editor]

> To update an existing Koji, simply open the associated project in the Koji Code Editor.

Author: Removed.

[.singlespaced]
. {blank}
+
include::{includespath}/steps-codeeditor.adoc[tag=openproject]

. {blank}
+
include::{includespath}/steps-codeeditor.adoc[tag=open-in-code-editor]

include::{includespath}/images-annotated.adoc[tag=editorsections]

== Koji source control

Each Koji project is stored in a Git repository in the cloud.

When you fork an existing project or scaffold:
[.singlespaced]
* The Git repository of that project/scaffold is copied to your account.

> * A new project is created and opened in the Code Editor.

Reviewer: I don't think this is true anymore. Now, you can choose to open it in the code editor, but the project details page is what opens (as describe in your procedure earlier in the page. I would just write this as a sentence and remove the second bullet so we don't have to maintain this info in two places on the page. The info in the first bullet is most relevant for this section.

Author: Fixed.

When you use the Code Editor to publish your Koji, the Code Editor commits your changes and pushes the updated files to the `master` branch.
This push triggers the deployment process.

> .Using other editors

Reviewer: Couple of thoughts here...
- If you were going to work locally, you probably wouldn't open the code editor to get this information. Instead, you'd use the info on the project details page. So, this info feels like it's encouraging a practice we wouldn't recommend.
- This styling isn't something we've used elsewhere, and it really calls attention to this section. Especially since it's not highlighting a common practice, it doesn't feel like the right place to add emphasis.
- It is interesting that you can get the repo info from the editor. So, I would keep that tidbit here but without so much emphasis.
- I would make it clearer that the "using git..." link is about setting up a local environment vs. working in the web editor that Koji provides.

Author: Removed this sidebar. If they can get the same info in the Project Details page, it doesn't make sense to make them dig deeper in the code editor for the info.

[.singlespaced]
. In the Koji Code Editor, expand the terminal pane.
. Run `git pull`.
====

== Previewing your Koji

You can select what is displayed in the preview pane.

* *Default* - Displays a fully functional preview of your Koji.

* *Remix* - Displays what remixers see when customizing your Koji.

* *More* - Displays a menu of additional previews.
+
image::more.png[More menu]
+
** *About* - Displays an About page, if you enabled the associated entitlement.

** *Admin* - Displays an Admin page, if you enabled the associated entitlement.

** *Receipt (seller)* - Displays a preview of the transaction receipt for the seller, if you implemented in-app purchases and enabled the dynamic receipts entitlement.

** *Receipt (buyer)* - Displays a preview of the transaction receipt for the buyer, if you implemented in-app purchases and enabled the dynamic receipts entitlement.

** *Sticker* - Displays how your Koji will look if it's imbedded in another Koji.

** *Thumbnail* - Displays how your Koji will look if it's shared on social media.

> To learn more about using previews, see <<testing-templates#_testing_in_the_koji_editor,Testing in the Koji editor>>.

Reviewer: I would move this to the top of this section and then add another subsection for Previews in the code editor. That way, we can keep the concise summary info here for the various preview and debugging modes, but point to the comprehensive reference that covers all of these topics in more detail.

Author: I reviewed the testing page that it is pointing to, and the information is actually duplicated.
- In the code editor page, removed the link.
- In the testing page, removed the duplicate information and added a link to the code editor page instead.

=== Previews outside the Code Editor

You can also preview a Koji outside the Code Editor.

* The QR code button image:{imagesDir}/QRcode.svg[QR code button] displays a QR code for your Koji.
Scan this code to preview the Koji on your mobile device.

* The remote staging button image:{imagesDir}/remote-staging.svg[Remote staging button] opens a preview of your Koji in a new browser tab.

> == Debugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Debugging
```

Author: Added "=".

To open the debugger in a new browser tab, click *Launch Debugger*.

== Tips

> * While editing a plain text file, such as .html or .json, you can open menus with additional editing options.

Reviewer: I would add at least .js to the examples. The most common edits will be to code files and the menus provide a lot of desired functionality/shortcuts.

Author: Added.

+
.Learn how...

> [%collapsible]

Reviewer: The collapsible sections work here!

Author: Yay!

====
[.singlespaced]

> . In the Code Editor, move the focus to the editing pane where the contents of the text file is displayed.

Reviewer: Could use some streamlining. Alternatively, just remove this step and turn the remaining steps into bullets. They don't need to be done in order.

Author: Removed this step but added " while your cursor is inside the editing pane" for the F1 menu. Nothing happens if your cursor focus is in the Preview pane and you press F1.

> . Right-click anywhere in the editing pane for the contextual menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To open a contextual menu, right-click anywhere in the editing pane.
```
Also, I would add a brief description of what type of features you get from the menu.

Author: I'll hold off on the description of features beyond "additional editing options."
TBH, I don't understand why the two menus are not combined into one.

Reviewer: I suspect the context menu is general editing options where the command palette is more code-specific options (which can vary depending on file type). But I think we can leave as is for now.

> . Press *F1* for the Command Palette menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To open the Command Palette, press *F1*.
```
Same here - brief description of what's on the command palette.

Author: Fixed, but holding off on the description.

====

> * You can revert to an old version of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can revert to a previous version of your project.
```
Maybe just my preference but "old" sounds like it's outdated, rather than a version that you want. There might be a better word than "previous" too. That's just the first suggestion I thought of

Author: Replaced.

+
.Learn how...
[%collapsible]
====
[.singlespaced]
. Open your project in the Code Editor.
. Expand the terminal pane.
. Run `git log` and copy the hash code of the commit you want to restore.
. In the terminal pane, enter `git reset --hard <commit-hash>`.
+

> WARNING: You will lose all the changes you made after the commit you restore.

Reviewer: Consider moving this to the topic of the procedure so they read it before they do something destructive to their code.

Author: Moved and rewrote for clarity.

====

* Publish more frequently for a more detailed commit history.

* If you accidentally closed the frontend terminal, you can reopen it.
+
.Learn how...
[%collapsible]
====
[.singlespaced]

> . In the Code Editor, click *+ New tab*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the code editor, click *New tab*.
```
Style thing... I wouldn't include the symbol character since it's easier to read without it and it's still clear which element we're talking about.

Author: Removed.

. Run:
+

> ....

Reviewer: This formatting looks a bit odd to me because it's code font without a background - something we haven't done elsewhere. We probably need a standard for how we handle "console" text. We've been using code (for span) or code block (for multi-line blocks).

Author: Replaced "...." with "----".

Reviewer: Hmm, that did something strange to the formatting. It just put a border around it rather than adding a background. Let's add a source tag to use the standard code block. E.g.

```
+
[source, console]
----
cd frontend
npm start
----
```

=== Launching the debugger

*Launch Debugger* opens the debugger in a new browser tab.

[.faq]
== Tips
[id="faq-nodejsnpmver"]
.What versions of Node.js and npm do Kojis run on?
[%collapsible]
====
include::{includespath}/misc.adoc[tag=nodejsnpmver]
====

[id="faq-revert-kojiversion"]
.How do I revert to an old version of my template?
[%collapsible]
====

> To revert to a previous commit,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To revert your source code to a previous commit:
```
Added some context to clarify this lead-in. Also, used a colon to match other procedures.

Author: Fixed. Will be in the next commit.

include::{includespath}/steps-codeeditor.adoc[tag=openproject-template2edit]

include::{includespath}/steps-codeeditor.adoc[tag=expand-terminal]

. Run `git log` and copy the hash code of the commit you want to restore.

> . In the terminal panel, enter `git reset --hard <commit-hash>`.

Reviewer: I think we need to standardize on pane vs panel. It looks like pane is more common in the docs, so let’s go with that for now.

Author: Fixed. Will be in the next commit.

+
WARNING: You will lose all the changes you made after the commit you restore.

TIP: Publish more frequently for a more detailed commit history.
====

[id="faq-reopen-frontend-terminal"]
.How do I reopen the frontend terminal?
[%collapsible]
====
To re-open the frontend terminal:

> . Click on the [.tabname]`New` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *New* tab.
```
Some style things.. just click (no "on"), use bold for UI elements (not code), remove unused classes.

Author: Fixed. Will be in the next commit.

. Run:
+
....
cd frontend
npm start
....
====

> // DC-483 DC-485

Reviewer: Remove this comment. We aren't going to include internal ticket tracking in the source code for every page. If we need it, we can see the ticket numbers in the commit history of the repo.

Author: Fixed. Will be in the next commit.
